20 Release notes for dist changes (#1656)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: release_notes/topics/20_0_0.adoc

= Allow setting a base URL when configuring the hostname

> In this release, we are introducing two additional server options to set a base URL for frontend and administration console URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release, we are introducing two additional server options to set a base URL for front end and Admin Console URLs.
```

Reviewer: We are now standardizing on Admin Console.
